Welcome back.
Things are slowly starting to piece together and they're starting to work.
It feels good doesn't it.
And we're getting so so close when we have one last thing that we want to implement on the backend before
we come back to the front and do a few things such as fixing this profile issue.
Now this token here is being sent to us but we also want to make sure that whenever we receive this
token from the client we do some check on it because remember in our seinen function we have written
this silly little function called Get auth token ID that just does a console.
And if we go back to our main function that is seinen authentication we see that we check if the request
headers has authorization and if they already do then we can run get auto can ID because we don't want
the user to sign in over and over.
Otherwise they have to run through the handle sign and step which already works for now.
We checked and it's storing the information creating the session in the rattus server and returning
the session information.
So let's finish this off by having a get off token ID.
Now this naming should make sense while we want to do here is actually get the token or get the ID from
our rattus database.
Remember if I do get this token that we've created with our user Well I want to receive the profile
ID of one so that we're able to request and do a get request to the profile.
Remember in our server Dutchie us our endpoints.
Our goal is to have signing that just simply says yeah you're seinen heres your token.
And then once we receive the token we send a request to actually get the profile ID and because this
sign in authentication returns a token and an ID remember returns an ID and a token were able to now
get the profile with the ID that we received and giving the authorization letter of the token so that
later on when we make this a protected and point that only valid Autocad can access we make sure that
this works properly.
So let's do that.
I'm going to go to seinen authentication and fix the get a token ID.
This is going to be a nice simple function.
Were simply getting the value from our red database.
Were going to say Konst authorization because we're going to receive that from our request not hatters.
And again we're going to receive these objects.
So in the GET OFF token I.D. I'm going to pass the request response object to the gueth token get a
token I.D. and in here we should have access to them now.
Now with our redescribe it is a simple method.
Instead of that we're going to use get just like we did in rattus and all we need to do now is give
it the key in our case the authorization tokin and the Gebe request is going to receive a callback function
when it actually receives this with either an air for a reply.
So you'll get a nyl or an actual ID number.
So let's create that callback function.
And within this weekend do a quick check to say that if there is an error or maybe there is no reply.
In that case we can say return
and we can do their response in here and add a dog then.
But just because we already have the handle sign in and just to keep the clutter from happening although
I like keeping the responses within this function for now let's add the actual response in here.
I'm going to say return response status of 400 and it's going to say
on authorize
nice sounds very official.
However if everything works out well in that case we want to return response that Jason with the ID
that is the reply that we receive.
Remember the reply is going to be the string of one that will be assigned to ID.
So this way our get our token I.D. will get the token ID and remember because we're returning here we
want to make sure that this function actually returns something as well.
In which case we add the return key here.
So if we save this we shouldn't get any errors.
We have a syntax error.
I lied.
And yes that's because we want to return an object here.
Let's say that all right everything seems to be working.
We're using GET OFF token ID if I scroll down here this should make sense now are signed in authentication
that goes to the sign in and point is going to do one of two things if the user sends an authorization
token we're going to just grab the user id and send our response back.
Remember the response Jaison with ID of the user if there is no authorization token then we're going
to handle sign in check our passwords used be crypt and the database to check our passwords if everything
checks out well and we have an ID and an e-mail then we're going to create the session and actually
store create the token set the token in our database.
If it doesn't work well we just reject with an error.
Otherwise we're going to return the session with success true and a user ID and a token once again.
So that at the end of both of these situations the user ends up with an ID and token.
So that in the future and what we're going to implement in the next video on the front end we can use
the dot get request to get the profile.
So with that I'll see in the next video.